Remove build artifacts and update build process (#1734)
plotly/dash: CONTRIBUTING.md

$ source .venv/dev/bin/activate
# install dash and dependencies
$ pip install -e .[testing,dev]  # in some shells you need \ to escape []
$ npm install
# this script will build the dash-core-components, dash-html-components, dash-table,
# and renderer bundles; this will build all bundles from source code in their

> # respective directories.The only true source of npm version is defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# respective directories. The only true source of npm version is defined
```

# in package.json for each package.
$ npm run build  # runs `renderer build` and `npm build` in dcc, html, table
# build and install components used in tests
$ npm run setup-tests.py # or npm run setup-tests.R

> # you should see both dash is pointed to a local source repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# you should see dash points to a local source repo
```
